New version 0.3.1
-----------------

This release includes:

1) Fixes bad behaviour of win32 notebook tabs.
2) Shows percentage when downloading the process logs.


Version 0.3.0
-------------

This release work with the series 0.3.x of SAGS Server and includes the
following changes:

1) Uses SAGS Protocol 2.
2) Manages multiples process.
3) Added panels to contain a list of process, the information about a
   selected process and a console for every authorized process.
4) The user can hide and show the logs tab.


Version 0.2.3
-------------

This release fixed the bug which could send repeteadly the same packet.
Now we get rightly the last packet of the incoming list.


Version 0.2.2
-------------

This release includes the following changes:

1) Added server's IP and port to window title.
2) Changed the authenticating message to include a connection text.
3) Removed innecesary check of console's text length when adding text
   to widget.
4) Now uses Console::ClearOutput and Console::ClearInput methods to
   clear the text entries.
5) Renamed event handlers by adding "Socket" text to their names.
6) Fixed size value passed to snprintf functions.
7) Updated spanish translation.
8) Added new range to check for specials characters generated by Quake2
   clients.


Version 0.2.1
-------------

This new release includes:

1) Fix a bug when a response to a command sent to the server arrives a
   few lines later. Now the replacement of the command's text is
   checked.

2) The version string on the about window now have a relative size to
   the default size asigned by the system.

3) The specials characters are now replaced by a string representing its
   hexadecimal representation.

4) The win32 installer now copy this file to the installation directory.


Version 0.2.0
-------------

This version is an improvement of the series 0.1.x that includes the
following changes:

1) Added List template to manage the outgoing and incoming packet
   lists.
   
2) Added mutexes to lock the access to packet lists.

3) The desconnection method now send a SessionDisconnect and exits
   immediately.

